Hi there. Welcome to the second term of the Data Analyst Nanodegree program.
In the first term, we covered Python,
a few frameworks such as NumPy and Pandas,
getting data from databases with SQL,
and making decisions using statistics.
In this term, you'll learn about the data analysis process.
You'll start by extracting and cleaning data,
a test typically called data wrangling.
This is where you'll spend the bulk of your time as a data analyst.
Then you'll get experience exploring data.
In this step of the process,
you'll develop an understanding of the data by looking at distributions,
summary statistics and correlations.
Finally, you'll learn about visualizing data.
This is where you share the results of your analysis.
It's one of the most important skills to have as an analyst,
communicating what you found with others.
After completing this term,
you'll have the skills necessary to be a data analyst.
You'll also be prepared to continue on to more advanced topics,
such as machine learning. Cheers.